# This folder contains the files for the parameter estimation of the single pendulum.

The purpose of the files are listed as follows:
- SinglePendulumArm_RawData_1.mat: This is the raw data we collected from the single pendulum free-swing experiment. During the experiments, the cart of the pendulum is fixed and the rotational angle and velocity of the pendulum arm is recorded. The first signal of the "data" structure is the rotational angle, while the second one represents the rotational velocity.
- PrepareDataForSinglePendulumParameterEstimation.m: This file process the above raw data and trim it into the correct format for parameter estimation. Moreover, it also allows the user to perform nosie filtering on the velocity data of the single pendulum. The this script will generate a file named "SinglePendulumDataForParameterEstimation.mat", which will be used for parameter estimation.
- SinglePendulumDataForParameterEstimation.mat: Mat file generated by above script. This mat file contains the data that will be used for parameter estimation and validation.
- OptimizeParameter_SinglePendulum.mlx: This script is used to solve the optimization problem that identifies the parameters of the single pendulum.
- ObjectiveFuntion_SinglePendulumParameterEstimation.m: This file define the optimization problem needed for the parameter estimation of the single pendulum.
- EstimatedParameters_SinglePendulum.mat: This files contains the estimated parameters of the single pendulum. For details on the meaning of the values and its units, please check the "OptimizeParameter_SinglePendulum.mlx" file.
- SinglePendulumSymbolicCalculation.m: This file derives the equation of motion of the single pendulum. The derived ODE will be used for parameter estimation.
- SinglePendulumODE.m: This file is the derived ODE of the single pendulum. 

